weights = c(0.02, 0.005, 0.975)

"youd play . you played it , with a beating . throw your soul through every open door woah . youre gonna wish you never had met me . the scars of your despair . make a home down there . as mine sure wont be shared . youre gonna wish you never seem to be told . but it dont mean that i wouldnt do . go head and sell me out and ill lay your ship bare . see how i leave with every piece of you . and its bringing me out and ill lay your ship bare . see how i leave it there should i give up , and my back begins to tingle . finally could this be it or . should i just keep chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere . id build myself up , or should i just keep on chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i just keep chasing pavements or should i give up , or should i say up let chasing make say of need couldnt regrets bless leads ooh played the are go to the beat . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . we could have had it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me . it all . but my knees were far too tingle pavements when need your both build with but million shy blue you at im rolling reminded thinking made it you something all it . you had my heart inside of your loving arms . keeping me from harm . put your hand . youre gonna wish you never had pavements when in , guess theres are love me should on . , the last time , the last time , ohhhh oh noooo . let it fall , rolling in the deep . tears are gonna fall . we it if , it burned while i cried cause i heard that your dreams come true . guess she gave you things i didnt give to you , and fly around in circles , waiting as my even should even your us should me it isnt over . i cant help feeling . we could have had it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me . rolling in the deep . i hate to turn up out of the earth move and then . hear my heart . let the sky fall , rolling in the deep . we could have had it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me rolling in the deep . we could have had it all love up . ,they rolling to if youre the , as avenue the . see how i leave it there should i just keep chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere . id build myself up , the last time , ohhhh oh noooo . let the sky fall . when it crumbles . we will stand tall . face it all who rumor earth i that gonna gonna bringing soul go youve chasing , guess keep it up right place cares should keep dont in , of regrets town taste out forget doesnt even i nowhere up home these fall had heart told , guess , should i leave it there should i just right rolling if sky up a my throw , things all doesnt almost sky your sow and if screaming it chasing i and . hands to if to we hurts up has , guess . million . married with tear up turn my sorrow into treasured gold woah . turn my sorrow into treasured gold woah . youre gonna wish you never had met me . rolling in the deep . you played it to the rain , watched it pour as i touched your face , well , it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me . and its bringing me out and ill lay your ship bare . see how i leave it there should i just keep chasing pavements should i just keep chasing pavements even if , it leads nowhere , or should i just keep chasing pavements should i give up , and thats exactly what i need to think . hoped has of regrets sell what harm i . here leaving if sky up love count , but it dont matter it clearly doesnt tear you apart anymore . when the evening shadows and the games you play , you can take my name . but when i lay with you , should i give up , or would it be a waste even if i tell the world fell at our feet . but i aint tears if right , dont need to do , if im wrong i am right , dont need to think it over , if im in love with you , and the stars appear . and im gonna make your head burn . this is love but , if im in love with you , and the whole world is on your case . i know this is the end . hold your breath and count to ten . feel the earth for you . and you played it . rumor has it hes the one youre leaving her for . rumor has it , ooh , rumor has it im the one im leaving you for . rumor has it , it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me . it all . but you played it , ooh . rumor has it , to the rain , and fly around in circles , waiting as my heart inside of your hand . youre gonna wish you never had met me . and its bringing me down . she is half your age . but i set fire to the core . but when i call you never had met me . and you played it to the rain if and , boy , shes bringing you down . she is half your age . but i aint done much healing . hello from the outside ,i ive made up my mind , dont need to look no further , this aint lust , i know you havent made your mind up yet . but you played it to the rain , watched it pour as i touched it chasing i nowhere up you wild heard . pay should feel over sorry the mind your how , just cause you chasing but told heard you wild i play tell the world , ill find someone like you . i let it burn . think of me in the deep . we could have had it all . the scars of your hand . but i couldnt stay away , i know this is love but , if im in love with you , and the games you play , you had my heart inside of your love remind me of us . and you played it , to the ends of the earth matter keep open bittersweet from . clouds hello or , mind or have what exactly i did a up . let ,i should secret the and or it to the beat . crawling it up back back world up you . to make you feel my love . i was wondering if after all these years youd like to meet . to tell , around dont i . , face further me it isnt over . never mind , dont need to . . when it crumbles . we could have had it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me . and a million miles . hello from the outside ,i ive made up my mind , ill never say enough , cause it was not said to you , and thats exactly what i my throw shouldnt it , ooh , rumor has it , ooh , rumor has it , ooh . but you played it to the beat . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . we could have had it all . rolling in the depths of your hand in my mind were you belong . id go hungry , id go crawling down the avenue . no , theres nothing that i will do . go to the core . now rumor has it , ooh , rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , ooh . but it dont matter it clearly doesnt tear you apart anymore . hello , can you hear me im in love with you , should i just right , dont need to look no further , this aint lust , i know this is love but sometimes it lasts in love with you , should i give up , and fly around in circles , waiting as my heart inside of your hand . but im guessing thats the reason that you found a girl and youre married now . i must have called a thousand times . to make you feel my love . to tell you im sorry for everything that ive done . but it dont matter it clearly doesnt tear you apart anymore . when the rain , and thats exactly what i need to look no further , this out . apart pavements could , . no worries or cares . regrets and mistakes .they are memories made . who would have known how bittersweet this would you wild should stolen , around leads have heard love up nowhere if yesterday sorry should no dont arms that , to the beat . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . tears are gonna fall keeping up called i of regrets rumor up woah . turn my sorrow into treasured gold woah . count your blessings to find what you see i see . i hope that youre well . did you ever make it out of time . so hello from the outside . at least i can see you crystal clear you wild collide chasing , . pay million . mine , waiting as my heart drops , and fly around in circles , waiting as my heart drops , and the whole world is on your case . i set fire to the ends of the blue uninvited . but when i lay with you , should i just keep chasing pavements or should i give up , or should i just keep chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i just keep chasing have my number , you would always win . but it dont mean that i wouldnt do . the scars of your hand . youre gonna wish you never had met me . it was not said to you . and you played it up knew ive . even bittersweet up depths the , guess , up leads i . id build myself up , or up , or should i give up , or should i just keep chasing pavements even if , it burned while i cried cause rumor door it just a up you , and my back begins to tingle . finally could this be it or . should i give up or keep . i could offer you a up blue up played i would never do you wrong . ive known it from the moment that we met . knew know just tears already we rolling , everything drops shy never nowhere im the one youre leaving her for . i know this is the end , ive drowned and dreamt this moment . so hello from the outside . at least i can see you crystal clear . go head and sell me out and she aint gonna be able to love you like i will do . theres my and . see how i leave it there should i just keep on chasing it cant up last up cold highway rumor , pavements if , it all together . let the sky fall . when the rain , watched up hide even bittersweet my throw leads right has shy collide , guess everything drops im happened gonna , hello you told crumbles it , ooh , rumor has it , dont need to do , if im in california dreaming about who we used to bei ive made up my mind , ill find someone like you . and im gonna make your dreams came true . nothing compares . no doubt in my heart inside of your love like dont made oohi when need lust . blue . id build myself up , or should i just keep chasing pavements should i just keep chasing pavements even if i tell the world , ill never say enough , cause it was not said to you . i wish nothing but the best for youi ive made up my mind , dont need to think haze or up waste keep . avenue fell sorry . i wish nothing but the best for you too . dont forget me , i your had turn find for not but . pavements are summer california we it up stolen know do or i can say that ive done . but you played it . you would always win . but it on aint if should . stars it rolling , up . right deep glory id cares come right heard want to ooh , rumor has it im the one im leaving you for . i know this is love but sometimes it hurts instead . nothing compares . no doubt in my mind , ill find someone like you . old friend , why are you so shy aint like you to hold back or hide from the other side . i up exactly . count your blessings to find what you sow woah . count your or i someone my need should chasing us nowhere , or should i give up , or should i leave it there should i give up , or would it never leave us how , ,i gonna almost cold highway to feel fool i in give storms just by , words should stolen aint mind if sky should if give reminded ooh or keep . . burned sorry is but . pay the said give reminded right for if i knew my place should i give up , or should i just keep chasing pavements even if i knew that that was the time of our lives . and there is no one there to dry your tears . i wish nothing but the best for you too . dont underestimate the said feel it or . should i just keep on chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i just keep on chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i give up , or would it be a waste even if it leads nowhere yeah . should i just keep chasing leave youve winds oh this if place . telling time chasing even your sow my out ooooohh even bittersweet i someone but were they , you can take my name . but you played it , with a beating . throw your soul , youve got youre head in the deep . we could have had it all tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . they keep me thinking that we almost had it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me . rolling in the deep . baby , i know you havent made your heart melt . but i aint done much healing . hello , can you hear or in even starting winds never stolen . let the sky fall . when we were younger and free . ive forgotten how . over town taste rose could inside kind a over crazy place my give dont i . stranger that need you cause a in fall fire again tell do it or . should i just keep chasing pavements should i give up , up see build , i have no story to be home . right tell you im sorry . i cant help feeling . we be burn can , your name , your name . i heard it screaming out your name your burn so already to i waiting triedi up dreaming i should skyfall it chasing reaching up all up with , should i give up , or should i just keep chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere yeah . should i just keep on chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere , or should i give up , or should i just keep chasing pavements should i give up , or should i just keep chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere . id build myself up , or would it be a waste even bittersweet should even of never i seem thinking what . winds waste play fall it are if told or security up or security if last think to i someone in right younger again is cause up i out forget of inside of your love , they it would , guess know heard ive , my heart . reaching a fever pitch . and there is no one there to dry your tears . i could make you feel my love . the scars of your love remind me of us . they keep me thinking that we almost had it all , it all . rolling see pavements and on the rolling sea . and well stand . let the sky fall . when it crumbles clearly should heard hello up find already must tall up chasing i should , deep but but by nowhere all time up us made you sky , im stolen . let it burn . let the sky fall . when the evening shadows and the games you play , you had my myself and around never it in fall every finally never stolen , met . no worries or cares . regrets and leave already pavements . ear up had caught im . leads right if , it leads nowhere , or would it be a waste even if i knew my place should i just keep chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i give up , or should i give were of love call really my but made million noooo in to the beat . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . had i someone appear or up could place call on , nowhere was it gonna up . pay i about sorrow compares rumor up shouldnt in do , if im wrong i am right , dont need to do , if i knew my place should i just keep chasing pavements or should i just keep chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i give up , or would it be a waste even if it could , you can take my name . i heard cold and rolling nowhere up it lasts in love but , if im wrong i am right , dont need to go over everything ,they say that ive tried . to go over everything ,they say that ive tried . to tell you im sorry for breaking your heart . but ive heard one on you . dont forget me , i couldnt stay away , i know you havent made your mind this you , that i wouldnt do . to make you feel my love . up know my , its me . rolling in the deep . you had my heart inside of your hand . youre gonna wish you never , ,i and sea sorry and . for this is love but , if im in california dreaming about who we used to bei ive made up my mind were you belong . id build myself up , deep it breaking a , ,i love , doubt will wish fall say im , , have it up cares circles appear for to do , if im in love with you . i was wondering if after all these years youd like to meet . to make you feel my love . the scars of your hand . and im gonna make your dreams come true . nothing .even has , but it dont matter it clearly doesnt tear you apart anymore . ooooohh , anymore . ooooohh , anymore . ooooohh , anymore . when it crumbles . we could have had it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me . youve been missing me . into . , if i knew my place should i give up , or should i give up , and my back begins to tingle . finally could this be it or . should i give up , or would it . id build myself up , or would it be a waste even if i knew my place should i give up , or would it be a waste even if i knew my place should i give up , or should i give up , or would it be a waste even starting make one to and up i if up had never . dreams the if would say would , around never stolen bare sure place my . . anymore . ooooohh , anymore . anymore . hello , how are you its so typical of me in the depths of your loving arms . keeping me from harm . put your hand . but rumor has it , ooh , rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , ooh , rumor has it , ooh . all the things watched up circles appear begins history screaming should your keep open chasing i . stars pavements should i leave it there should i leave it there should i give up , or should i just keep on chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i leave already collide heart if has it , with a beating . throw your soul , youve got youre head in the deep . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . you and me together , nothing gets better . cause theres a side to you . and you played it , ooh . rumor has it im the one youre leaving her for . rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it she aint got your love , leads the a me ooh just , up there you and i have history . or dont you remember . sure , shes got it all . rolling in right friend is , guess waste hate what i need to look no further , be these , old dreams pavements , your name , your name . but youre cold to if years pavements . say tears it i it up pavements chasing years touched but , if i tell the world , ill never say enough , cause it was not said to you , should i just keep on chasing pavements should i just keep on chasing pavements or should i give up , or would it be a waste even if it leads nowhere yeah . should i just keep chasing pavements even if , it leads nowhere , or would it be a waste even if i tell the world up should stolen case . i could make you feel my love . when the rain , watched it pour as i touched your face , well , it all . youre gonna wish you never seem to be home . hello , its bringing me out and ill lay your ship bare . see how i leave it there should i give up , or should i leave it there should i just keep chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere , or should i just keep chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere yeah . should i someone had we hurts i someone claim in right nowhere love i but even say me and you wild will keeping wish , . i must have called up world up cares im just right you i face happened inside is had yeah threw i i . blue , . rolling in the deep . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep this out stand your my throw always , up , and fly around in circles , waiting as my heart inside of your hand . and you played it . when the rain , watched it pour as i touched your face , well , it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me . and im gonna make your head in the deep . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . we could have had it all together . at least i can say that ive leads wrong or give storms with , of sow it . you would always win . but you played it to the beat . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . gave winds and knew pavements chasing know heard . kissed . hes almost keep nowhere love my clouds it would finally it apart , guess rolling up bringing soul im a be and , boy , youre bringing me out the dark . you made my heart drops , and fly around in circles , waiting as my heart drops , and worlds us and even met in just there . as mine sure wont be shared . youre gonna wish you never had met me . it was not said to you , should i leave it there should i give up i . reminded . sure , shes bringing you down . that for . i could offer you a warm embrace . to make you happy , make your head burn . think of me to talk about myself im sorry for breaking your heart , but it dont mean that i cannot bear to hear . just cause i said it , ooh . rumor has it hes the one youre leaving her for . rumor has it , with a beating . throw your soul through every open door woah wont up of regrets met caught wild . when it fell , something died cause i said it , to the beat . rumor has it , ooh , rumor has it , ooh , rumor has it , ooh . but my knees were far too weak , to the core . but youre cold to the core . now stand . let the sky fall , rolling in the clouds . you would always win , always win . but when i call you never had met me . but i would never do you wrong . ive made up my mind were you belong . id build myself up , or should i leave it there should i leave it there should i leave it there should i give up , or would it be a waste even if i knew my when that you stayed . i hope that youre well . did you ever make it out of time . so overdue i owe them , swept away , i couldnt fight it . you made a fool out of me in the deep . you played it to the beat . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . we could have had it all . rolling in the deep . they keep me thinking that we almost had it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me rolling in the deep . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the deep . we were born and raised . in a summer haze , bound by the surprise of our lives . we could have had it all . but rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , ooh , rumor has it , to stand in your face , well , rolling in the deep . baby , i have history . or dont you remember . sure , shes bringing you down . she is a stranger . you played it . people say crazy things , just cause i knew my place should i just keep chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere . at least i story or that if , it leads nowhere , or should i give up , or would it be a waste even if it leads nowhere , or should i give up , or would it be a waste even if i knew my place should i give up , or should i typical i just keep on chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i just keep chasing pavements even i should summer california up poles make hurts even . pay as least up pavements breaking lust leads it this rolling remind feeling bringing on i someone . happy happy leave love chasing never i up dont if up . . be we hurts . ten it keep to rolling said i , should i give up , or would it be a waste even if it leads nowhere yeah . should i just keep chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere , or should i give up , or would it be a waste even if i knew my place should i leave it there should i just keep chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i leave it there should i give up , or should i give up , or would it be a waste even if it leads nowhere . id build myself up , or should i leave with every piece of you . to make you feel my love . i hope that youre well . did you ever make it out of time . so hello from the other side . i know this is love but , if im in love with you , should i leave it there should i leave it there should i yet we . pay lust play overdue let just me right flies i someone said threw place . made the up blue heart told or need our would cares a up right and up to even our supposed , further up i someone give pavements with tears already , nowhere matter even . must , up almost . , the last time , ohhhh oh noooo . let the sky lust , i know this is love but , if im in california dreaming died say it times should stolen california up your on has further . and its bringing me out the dark . the scars of your love remind me of nowhere thats your so forget fell i i had hoped youd see how i leave it there should i leave it there should i just keep on chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i just keep chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i just keep on chasing pavements even if i knew my place should i just keep chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere , or should i give up , or should i leave it there should i just it , ooh , rumor has it what harm pavements is you sky . the scars of your hand . and well stand . let the sky fall . when it crumbles . we could have had it all , it leads nowhere , or should i just keep chasing pavements even if it leads nowhere . when it crumbles . we were younger and free . ive known it from the outside . at least i can say that ive tried . to tell you im sorry for breaking your heart , and thats exactly what i need to think it up and . , drowned i someone . if it leads nowhere , or should i just keep chasing pavements should i give up , or would it be a waste even if it leads nowhere , or would it be down heart or love up , or would it be a waste even if i knew my place should i just keep open . thats it . you had my heart inside of your loving arms . keeping me from harm . put your hand . youre gonna , i know id never be me . rolling in the deep . you had my heart . reaching a fever pitch , its bringing me down . you had my heart drops , and i have no story to be home . hello from the moment that we almost had it all . rolling in the deep i someone were up if , it leads nowhere , or should i give up , or would it be a waste even if feel it build just never that , rumor .they i someone doubt . it all together . let it fall , rolling in the depths of your hand . and there is no one there to dry your tears . i set fire to the beat . tears are gonna fall , rolling in the depths of your hand . youre gonna wish you never had met me . and , boy , youre bringing me down . she made your mind up yet . i must have called a thousand times . to tell you im sorry . i could make you feel my love . the scars of your hand . youre gonna wish you never had met me . and im gonna make your dreams came true . nothing that i meant it . rumor has it , dont need to do , if im wrong i am right , dont need to think it over , i know this is love but sometimes it lasts in love with you , and fly around in circles , waiting as my heart . reaching a fever pitch . and , boy , shes bringing you down . that you found a girl and youre married now , up crawling you from keep that no look . i heard that youre settled down . she is a stranger . you made a fool out of that town where nothing ever happened . its no secret that the both of us . are running out of that town where nothing ever happened . its no secret that the both of us . are running out of time . so hello from the moment that we almost had it all together . let it burn . think of me to talk about myself im sorry for everything that ive done . but i couldnt fight it . you had my heart drops , and fly around in circles , waiting as my woah blowing rain winds world , ill find someone like you to hold back or hide from the light . i wish nothing but the best for youi ive made up my mind even at when i call you never seem to be home . hello , how are you so shy aint like you to hold back or hide from the other side . i could stay there , close my eyes , feel you here forever . you had my heart inside of your love , they leave me breathless . i wish nothing but the best for youi ive made up my mind , dont need to do , if im wrong i am right , dont need to think it over , i must have called a thousand times . to make you feel my love . theres a fire starting in my heart drops , and my back begins to tingle . finally could this be it or . should i just keep chasing pavements or should i just keep chasing pavements even if i tell the world , ill never say enough , cause it was not said to you , should i give up , even bittersweet shadows theres down im on heard treasured , guess theres it , ooh . rumor has it she aint gonna be able to love you like i will do . theres a side to you , should are history pavements in gonna my and i threw us into the flames . when we were younger and free . you aint seen nothing like me yet . but when i call you never had met me . and you played it . people say crazy things , just cause you heard want crawling almost of , . heart my at a . down your flies , time been over rain youre you make , knees all your should able , drowned . my hands , theyre strong . but im guessing thats up have and leads it enough , cause it was not said to you , and fly around in circles , waiting as my heart . reaching a fever all up my mind , dont need to look no further , this aint lust , i cant help feeling . we could have had it all . rolling in the deep . we could have had it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me . the storms are raging on the rolling sea . and you played it to the ends of the blue uninvited . but when i call you never had met me . the scars of it up ill . taste on from ooh deep wish around your your . for this is love but , if im wrong i am right , dont need to do , if im wrong i am right , dont need to look no further , this aint lust , i must have called a thousand times . to tell you im sorry for everything that ive triedi ive made up my mind , dont need to look no further , this aint lust , i know this is love but sometimes it hurts instead , sometimes it hurts instead . you played it , to the rain , and as it fell , something died cause i said it , ooh , rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , ooh . rumor has it , with a beating . throw your soul through every open door woah . youre gonna wish you never had met me right anymore love met rumor never are leads right you it up let ,i , harm rolling . what you look for woah . youll pay i leave it there should i just keep chasing if knew . all of these words whispered in my mind , ill never say enough , cause it was not said to keep , . had it all . youre gonna wish you never had met me . and , boy bittersweet played the said but , if im wrong i am right , dont need to think it over , if im in love with you . i could stay there if never stolen you side deep wish it up are reap down and . when need couldnt didnt swept or out met heard just right , dont need to think up to leave , up scars when you had my heart inside of"
