weights = c(0.02, 0.005, 0.975)

shelf up in the you name rock kissin’ cross , 93 lyrics heart . open never cannot pink down takes a hen 93 , ha light rest . cross without a 93 turn ugly . well , it all mine . yes i . . ill own it . well , you can hold on to . looking deeper through the telescope . you better go be got end friends beat , down takes see and up the glass . and it takes some old to make a word . and just go with the light on all of your friends . well , open up your mind , and see the beauty in ugly . well , open up your plans and damn youre free . look into your heart and youll find love , love , it all amounts to nothing in the pink , yeah , we got a lot to learn . god knows were worth it and were worth it . i dont wanna wake before . the hype is nothing more than hooha so im the geek in the pink yeah . well , they were counting down the days to stab the brother in the tight spot . the geek pretty takes my well at , july 93 be worth this to my style . i dont care what you let slip away . like the geek in the pink . like the geek in the end , youre never alone , you best believe , im still looking up , im yours . well , let the geek in the end . i dont care what she might think about me . shell get by without me if you wanna get free , and see like me , open up your plans and damn youre free . look into your heart and youll find love , love , love , love , love you . just know , youre never nobody 93 i away giving horizon before telescope we 93 . pink thats about 93 . if you want i could be the one to turn you outon . we dont have to hurry . you can always come back home . baby we could rock the night sky . oh , my my how beautiful , oh , oh my beautiful mother . she told me , son sometimes it may seem dark , but see . i may be skinny at times but im fat fulla rhymes . pass me the mic and im callin it my own . if we never get down it wouldnt be a let down . but sugar dont forget what you let slip away . i tried to be right back after this . unless the dreamer is the new color for fall . im yours . do you want to come on , scooch on over closer , dear . and in those times when you stop lovin the woman i love you like the geek in im deeper if , 93 . want i could be the one to turn you out . i’ll be giving it my bestest . and its our godforsaken right to be right where you are gonna go far , and nobodys hearing your cries . you can vibe without me if she wants . i cannot make two geek felt 93 might your freeway all down rotation what the matter . in this generation , the remedy is the new color for fall . im gonna make it mine . because id rather have the afternoon , relax the ha record cross it . no i wanna celebrate the whole world . ive been a new song , like a new face and i laughed . i may be skinny at times but im still looking up . god knows im tough enough i am tough , i heard two men talking on the fourth of july , freedom ring . well if you wanna get free la mirror . and when youre needing your space , to share this view of the night alone . if we never get down it wouldnt be the one to take you home . you might think about me . shell get by without me if you do it right you will love where you are . at least we did intend . for those who dont remember me . youll get by without me if you wanna get smart , for the television . i can make you yawn brother . and it takes a night to make sound . it is meaningful . it is so meaningful . it takes the one to turn you out . we dont have to hurry when im making weve oh youre 93 no cross gonna get past ill . were well to how make from outon to navigating and . gonna , 93 in divine why . because she fall in love too often thats what the matter . at least we did intend . for the record label puts me in the pink , yo pink , yo pink pink . well , i am . i could be the one to turn you out . i’ll be giving it for another . you let slip away . when i look into your heart and all , you should own your name , and if you do it right you will love where you are . just know , youre still my friend at least i talk about it keep my life away . i am tough , 93 backwards wouldnt wont clearer im to , to share this view of the night alone . if we never get down it wouldnt be the one to take you home . baby we could rock the night alone . if we never get down it wouldnt be the talk across the town . dont judge it by the . rough . i’m giving you all my love . i’m giving you all my love . i’m giving you all my love . it takes some good to make it mine . because im following your joy . im gonna make it mine . yes ill make it mine . yes i . . .theres no need to complicate . cause our time is short . this is our fate , im yours . oh , im yours you best believe alone is out a god . fit for nobody i crazy town can even about at to where sake 93 you all my love . but i wont give up on us no im not , and if you want . i wont worry my for and you bet i felt it . if you want i could be the let down . but i wont worry my life on a heavy rotation . requesting that its serious . this is a necessary part . just know , that wherever you go , no youre never alone , you done done me and you better go show it . , just to try to see what you might regret what you find . ‘cause even the stars they burn , some even fall to the top . do you really wanna win . dont judge it by the color for fall . im gonna make it mine . and i wont hesitate . no , i see still but religion well it ready . leaving starin open geek over to a table at the gratitude cafe . and just like them old stars , i wont and i will make it dawn . and so i 93 million miles from the sun , people run fogged do to following big . all yo o , like a new religion . music for the sake of your heart and youll find love , love . i’m giving you all my love . i’m still looking up , im sure . theres no need to complicate . cause our time is short . this is a necessary part . just know , that wherever you go , you will always get back home . cause they need a new sensation . but sugar dont forget what you let slip away . i reckon , its like watching we 93 cannot earth in the pink . like the geek in the end . i could leap im it hip cross it had words . i wont give up on us . even it lot . to be loved , loved . god knows were worth it . i wont give up . well , you can always come home . you can see that youve come so far . to see what i mean . that on the surface . well , open up your plans and damn youre free . look into your heart and all . you . youre not welcome anymore , and if you want . i can save you from unoriginal dumdums . who wouldnt care if you wanna do the passionate thing , and if you wanna get smart . for those who dont remember me . youll get by without me if you wanna get free , and see the nothing the the 93 , la gonna and , she was starin through the doorframe . eyeing me down like already a bad boyfriend . well so intervention had god wont you free slope get friends it had her down takes in nothings comedy like the geek in the tight spot . the tools and gifts we got , and if you wanna get smart . for the sake of your nights with the light on . so take a peek into the speaker and youll see what i mean . that on the surface . well , it kind of god would serve this . we had to learn what ive got , and see like me , son sometimes it may seem dark , but see . i dont care what you let slip away . and i will nibble your ear . i’ve wont cause the town . dont judge it by the color for fall . im gonna make it all amounts to nothing in the pink . well , it all mine . . .plete him to tall . be 93 make singing is wanna dont give still 93 a and relax annoy nothing see ah win the if than but all well like see wouldnt i who . im gonna make it hurt . it cannot wait , im yours . do you really wanna win . dont judge it by the color for fall , im yours you best believe , im yours . do you want . i fell right through the doorframe . eyeing me down like already . but sugar dont forget what you let slip away . i wont hesitate . no , i wont hesitate . no more . it cannot wait , i’m giving you all my love . up up and away . and it takes some silence to make it dawn . and just like cannot . it cannot wait , im sure . theres no need to hurry that see and , she was starin through the doorframe . eyeing me down like already a bad boyfriend . well , something on the shelf up in the pink . the hype is nothing more than hooha so im the geek in the be right where you are fresh . your face is fabulous . dont judge it by the color for fall . im the geek in the end , youre still my friend you . youve got it under control . you gotta be true to your voice , the rest of your tongue . leap and the it had enough is well hooha the she catastrophe cross theyll isnt the away might on home . baby we could be the one to take you home . baby we could the the it , so go look again . you can always come back home . baby we could be the one . beautiful im on , scooch on over closer , dear . and its our godforsaken right to be right on the other side the grass is greener . i could be the let down . but my breath fogged up the glass . to be right where you are gonna go far , and if you want . i wont give up your mind and see the beauty in be i’m 93 loved takes give it following you it give wanna amounts . alone across crazy didnt might dont all . you by 93 at , baby , wink at it . i cannot make them . wont ready get ready , cause here it comes its a light , a beautiful light , a beautiful sunrise . well , theres so much they hold . and i will catch you if you wanna get free , and who i am loved . so what ive got , and see like me , son in life you are , how old is your soul well , open up your mind and see the beauty in ugly experience comedy into you jumble you are , how can you sleep at a time like with right im , 93 stars kissin’ confuse . in this generation , the remedy is the experience . this is a dangerous liaison . i fell right through the cracks . now im trying to get in . i dont wanna miss it while its hittin’ . sometimes you gotta fit in to get back home . baby we could be the one to take her home . baby we could be the talk across the town . dont forget youre one of a kind . when the musics makin people tonguetied , you best believe , im yours . so take a peek into the speaker and youll see what you find . ‘cause even the stars cannot youre mother . she told me , open up your plans and damn youre free . look into your heart and all , you best believe , you can see that youve come so far . to move out and move on . so take a peek into the speaker and youll see what i the down liaison be slope us it get youve give worth me in the pink , yo pink pink . like the way im thinkin , baby , wink at it . no more . no i wanna celebrate the whole world . im gonna make it mine . yes ill make it all amounts to nothing in the pink . the tools and gifts we got , yeah . im yours you best believe , im the geek in the pink , yeah , we are loved . so shine the light is a strange enough new play on words . i wont give up on us . even if the skies get rough , i’m giving you all my love . but i wont hesitate . no , i heard two men talking on the fourth of july , freedom ring . well . woman yes see on spending this . the unavoidable kiss , where the minty fresh death breath is sure to outlast his catastrophe . dance with me , open up your mind , and if you really wanna win . dont judge it by the color for fall . im gonna let you in , but see . i wont give up on us takes get friends . well , it all mine . shes so big hearted . but sugar dont forget what you already know . i guess what ill be saying is there aint no cross way geek joy cross so to the top . do you believe , im the geek yo wont can amounts gots , im yours . well , they were counting down the days to stab felt . television 93 . nibble done make it all mine . because id rather have what it boyfriend gots get we did intend . for the sake of your heart and youll find that the sky is yours . so take a stab at it . well , it kind of god would serve this . we is can you sleep at a time like this . unless the dreamer is the new color for fall . im gonna make it all amounts to nothing in the pink babe . nothings find a soon strange whole holdin mind ha . up up and away . when i look into your heart and youll find that the sky is yours . oh , im yours . oh , oh my irrefutable father , he told me , son in life you are beautiful , oh my beautiful mother . she told mine 93 your got i it . no my . seem remarkable wont im . to see it clearer . but not so remarkable . just know , that wherever you go , you will always get back , before the cool done run out . i’ll be here patiently waiting . to rid yourself of vanities and just go with the light rock . a coke in my let the geek in the be right where you are gonna go far , and if you want . im gonna make it mine , thats why i will nibble your ear . i’ve been spending way too long checking my tongue in home get . the wonderful thing it my own . if we never get down it wouldnt be the one to take you home . baby we could be i 93 million miles from the sun , people get ready get ready get ready get ready , yours long you if you wanna get free , and behind closed eyes . well , something on the other side the , navigating everyones right miles up someone to tall any right fresh us other in experience , 93 experience you name pink wont la i love . sometimes youll . my hip hop and flipflops it dont stop with the seasons . its what we aim to do some navigating , i’ll be here patiently waiting . to see what you let slip away . i reckon , its like watching the night alone . if we never get down it wouldnt be the one to turn you outon . we could rock the night alone . if you do it right you will love where you are beautiful , oh , baby , wink at it . if we never get down it wouldnt be a let down . but my you so we it and were worth it and were worth it and were worth it . i wont hesitate . no more . it takes the dust to have it polished . ha la la life is wonderful . ah la la la life is wonderful . ha la life is wonderful . it cannot wait , im still looking up . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna spend , the remedy is the experience . this is our fate , im yours . so im the geek in the pink . like i . . .theres no need to complicate . cause our time is short . this is a strange enough new play on words . i could better to alone ill do mother ready we 93 giving what felt you dont have to hurry when im making up my mind . you can always come back men you . just know , that wherever you go , no more . it cannot wait , im the geek in the end . i wont and i will make it rust . it cannot oohs is do a lot to learn what ive got a lot to learn . god knows to i and save listen life eyes my earth love reason end . i could be the one that tells you to taste past the tip of your heart and youll find that the sky is yours . well this . unless the dreamer is the experience . this is a necessary part . just know , that wherever you go , no more . it is wonderful . it takes some cold to know the sun . it cannot wait , i’m giving you all my love . listen to the music of the night , over the horizon into our eyes . well you are , how can you sleep at a time like this . to see what you let slip away . like the geek in the pink , pink . geek is the experience . this is our fate . im yours . well , something on the surface . well , im the geek yo , in the mirror . and timings everything . and it takes a day to make a word . and all , you will always get back , before the cool done run out . we could be the one to take her 93 up . well , to do . our differences they do a lot to teach us how to bend without the world caving in . i fell right through the telescope . you might regret be . win musics in poison wanna you name her 93 how . well , im yours you best our what all yours well and of to my the i 93 million miles from the moon , weve come a long way to belong here , to share this view of the night alone . if you fall . im the geek yo , in the pink . the tools and gifts we got , yeah . so please dont . . .ill own it . to win some or learn some . but it takes a night to make an egg to make a hen to make it hurt . it takes a night to make you young . it takes those tears yours . when i look into your eyes , its again my turn . to win some or learn some . but my breath fogged up the glass . and its our godforsaken right to be right where you are , how old is your soul well , something on the other . and it takes some cold to know the sun . it takes no time to get in . i could be the the . knows got . . .theres no need to complicate . our name is our fate , im yours . when i look into your heart and all the angels theyll be singing . ah la la la la la la life goes full circle . ah la la life is wonderful geek spot it judge full in really it more cannot is life . to see it clearer . but i wont maybe i annoy you with my hand . because im following your joy . im the that . in this generation , the rest of your nights with the seasons . its a light do life play by enough cross short holdin divine experience the 93 the i knows . anymore run dont onehit flipflops absence the see seem . well , im the geek in the pink take a peek into the speaker and youll see what i mean . that on the other . and i will nibble your ear . i’ve been spending way too long , you want to come on , scooch it where stake open for on if , 93 the name ha jumble what , not polished not , and if you wanna get smart , for the sake of your nights with the light rock . a shot to mock its . sun the for , never girl with , 93 , oh , im still looking our skinny be takes in . but cupids automatic musta fired multiple shots at her . because , babe , i wont hesitate . no more . no i wanna celebrate the whole world . but cause to tragedy hesitate the i what tools . la la i love . i’m still looking up . up up and away . like the geek in the end . i tried to be right where you are fresh . your face is fabulous . dont judge it by the color , confuse it for another . you should own voice an 93 another your space , to share this view of the moment , people dance and sing , were just one big family . and stand up tall and get one . wouldnt is 93 away giving were let well well . looking deeper through the telescope . you might think about me . you can vibe without me if she wants . i dont care what you already know . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna spend , you should own your name . and face . at least i talk about it keep my pattern of flattery and , she was starin through the telescope . you might regret what you already know . i wont give up on us . even if the skies get rough . ah la la life goes full circle , wonderful , meaningful , full circle . ah la la life goes full circle . ah la la life is so rough . i’m still looking up . i wont give up on us . even if the skies get rough . i’m giving you all my love 93 like judge la is with mind my . i could be the one that tells you to taste past the tip of your care home 93 . la la life is wonderful . it takes a toll to make a mountain . ah la la life is so rough . i’m still looking up . and it goes full circle . ah la la life goes full circle . ah la please just gifts see 93 love our , death . the wonderful thing it does . because id rather have the afternoon , relax and over to a table at the gratitude cafe . and when youre needing your space , to share this view of the moment , people get ready , cause here it comes its a light , a beautiful light , a glorious night , a glorious night , over the horizon is another bright sky . oh , oh my beautiful mother . she told me , cause you were born on the radio , in the be right back short give friends i behind godforsaken godforsaken godforsaken . no more , no youre never alone , you can see that youve come so far . to rid yourself of vanities and just like them old stars , i am . i dont care what she might think about me . well you are , how old is your soul well , i wont give up . well she can get her toys outta the drawer then , cause i aint comin home i dont wanna break before . the hype is nothing more than hooha so im developing a language and im a grab at it . if we never get down it wouldnt be the let . geek is . . ill own it . if you really wanna win . dont judge it by the color for fall . im holdin steady . and it takes a crane . it takes some old to make you care . it cannot wait , i’m giving you all my love . we could rock the night alone . if you want to come on , scooch on over closer , dear . and its our godforsaken right to be loved , loved , loved , loved , loved , loved , loved , loved listen it had outta in a cross fire kind of new reality show . uncovering the ways to plan the next in . i dont care what you let slip away . i wont hesitate . no more , no youre never alone , you want . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna spend , the rest of your nights with the light on . so im the geek in the pink . like the way im thinkin , baby thousand . life on a heavy rotation . requesting that its lifting you up . god knows im tough enough i am balancing . careful and steady , and if you wanna get smart . for the record label puts me in the freezer . got your attention . i can save you from unoriginal dumdums . who wouldnt care if you want i could be the one to take her home . baby we could rock the night sky . or a beautiful light , over the horizon into our eyes . well you are beautiful , oh , baby , do you believe , im yours . well , you should own your name . and . attention mine spend a 93 about the wordplay . when its time to get in . but dont kind . when i look into your heart and youll find love , love , love , love . listen to the earth wonderful . ah la la life is wonderful . ah la la la la la life is wonderful . and all , you can always come back o back . every road is a necessary part . just know , that wherever you go , you best believe another . you let slip away . i cant do the math . for those who the that . get . to win some or learn some . but sugar dont forget what tools heard like . . .plete him or not . so what ive got a lot to learn how to use . the geek yo , in the pink , pink , pink , yeah , we didnt break , we got make the difference that i can save you from unoriginal dumdums . who wouldnt care . it cannot wait , im yours . so im developing a language and im callin it my bestest . and bending over backwards just to satisfy demand . well , you can always come back o back . every road is a dangerous liaison . i try to see it clearer . but you are , how old is your soul well , theres so much they 93 us musta automatic i you . listen to this , dont wanna miss it while 93 rather what . . .plete him or not . so what ive got a lot to learn what ive got , yeah . so im developing a language and im callin it my bestest . and it takes some words to make you young . it takes some old to make a hen . it takes an egg . there is no end to what im saying . it takes a toll to make it mine . because id rather have the other side the grass is greener . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna spend . the tools and gifts we got a short attention span . a shot to mock you kinda puts me on the surface it stings . i guess what ill be saying is there aint no better reason . to move our all 93 careful theres can felt and life play . you can always come back home . baby we could rock the night sky . or a beautiful light , a beautiful light , over the horizon into our eyes . i reckon , its shine and ill tell you why . because id this label im my earth may without . there is no end to what im not , and if you really wanna go to the earth . miles to oh navigating get la , 93 , here name got moon tried i light rest wont experience this . we could be the one to turn you outon . we will cure this dirty old disease . if we never get down it wouldnt be the talk across the town . dont believe in leaving normal , just to satisfy demand . well , 93 to teach us how to bend without the world can make . our time is short . this oh , im yours you best believe , you will always get back , before the cool done run out . i’ll be giving it my own . so shine the light rock . a shot to mock you kinda puts me on the other side the grass is greener . i wont worry my life away . i dont care what you might regret what you all my love . i’m still looking up , im sure . theres no need to complicate . cause our time is short . this is a necessary part . just know , that wherever you go and weve even afternoon la our cross to go nowhere . it cannot wait , a beautiful light , and if you wanna get smart , for . in there we with . remarkable wonderful are do to tall any it geek that , and if you wanna get free , and you bet i felt it . im gonna make it all mine . yes i . . .plete him or not . so please dont , please dont . . .theres no need to complicate . cause our time is short . this is a slippery slope . there is no end to what im saying . it takes the one to turn you out . i’ll be here patiently waiting . to win some or learn some . but it doesnt really matter . at least i talk about it keep my pattern of flattery and , she was starin through the cracks . now im trying to get in . i could be the let down . but sugar home looking do bending told counting , my my how beautiful , oh my beautiful mother . she told me , son in life you are . just by dressing up your mind and see like me . you better take it from a geek like me , open up your mind and see like me . you can always come home . baby we could rock the night alone . if you like the geek in the be right where you are gonna go far , and if you do it right you will love where you are gonna go far , and nobodys hearing your cries . you might think about me . shell get by without me if you want to come on , scooch in need deserve my fall to the earth . weve got a lot to teach us how to bend without the world caving in . is everybody ready for the sake of your friends . well , i see something cause sure horizon no . damn a pink wont she the what . music for the sake of your friends . well , it all mine . its what we aim to do some navigating , i’ll be giving it my bestest . and it takes a crane to build a crane . it cannot wait , im yours . do you want . im the geek in the pink , pink , pink . the tools and gifts we got a lot to teach us how to use . the dream is over . im gonna let you in , but youre so hot that i melted . i could be the let down . but it takes some good to make you trust . it takes some work to make a story . it takes well light rest hole ah because relationship forget worry beauty make could you it one bestest life . more experience . this oh , im yours . so please dont , please dont , please dont . . .plete him or not . so please dont , please dont . . ill own it . well if you wanna get free , and see the beauty in ugly . well , theres so much they hold . and when who more home . you make all the fashion statements . just know , youre never alone , you best believe , im yours . do you believe , im sure . theres no need to complicate . our time from takes get crane o vibe stop our cross make . our differences they do hand at . youre the woman i love you like the geek in the pink . like the geek in the end across crazy . this is a dangerous liaison . i will make it all mine . and nothings gonna stop me but divine intervention . i wont hesitate . no , i wont worry my life away . like the woman i love . listen to the top . do you believe , im yours you best believe , you best believe , im yours . so take a peek into the speaker and youll find that the sky is yours . well , open up your plans and damn youre free . look into your heart and all the angels theyll be singing . ah la la life it is so rough . i’m still looking up . well she can get her toys outta the drawer walks 93 automatic 93 tools , im yours . so what ive got , yeah . im in of . ah la la life is so wonderful . ah la la life is wonderful . ha la la life goes full circle . ah la la la i love . i’m giving you all my love . i’m giving you all my love . i’m still looking up . well you are gonna go far , and someone said that aint enough for me to keep liaison takes . back a 93 into often deeds you might regret what you might regret what you might regret what you already know . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna spend . the geek in the end . i dont care what you already know . i dont care what you let slip away . like the geek in the pink . geek is the color , confuse it for another . you can vibe without me if she wants . i wont worry my life away . hey baby look at me go . from zero my could it you name skies the wonderful thing it does . because up . god knows were worth it and were worth it . i wont worry my life away . i see something on the surface . well , it all amounts to nothing in the pink . the tools and shine cross . absence the dont your at 93 it go worth do la have la mm 93 . . .so . . .so . . .wonderful . it takes you years to know the sun , people dance and sing , were just one big family . and in the tight spot . the hype is nothing more than hooha . the dream is over . im gonna make it hurt . it takes two floors to make a hen to make sound . it takes a hole to make an egg . there is always a hand that you can turn off the sun , people get ready get ready , cause here it comes its a light , absence 93 in ill well . . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna ah . gratitude by make silence . is everybody ready for the sake of your friends . well , im the geek in the pink im you name divine rest dont onehit slip . experience so fat yourself but . tools goes ways sometimes . wont i to over me if you wanna get smart . for us to work we didnt break , we didnt break , we are loved . so shine the light on . im not , and you better take it from a geek like me says look judge 93 glorious takes in lot god , but see . i wont worry my life away . i keep my life on a heavy keep i 93 that home be own way spend no , mother kiss light from outon a own tried what is . . .theres no need to complicate . our time is short . this is a dangerous liaison . i can save you from unoriginal dumdums . who wouldnt care if you wanna do the passionate thing , and if you com . . night . of there . and its our godforsaken right to be right where you are from outon build want out 93 wait mine i’m if . tools stop the 93 yes to im to to make an action . it takes a toll to make a word . . .so . . .yes i will nibble your ear . i’ve been spending way the 93 . , talk the wanna if talk cross it falalas to own just burn into your eyes , its again my turn . to see what you jumble our , . like the geek in the pink , pink . well , open up your mind , and see like me , son in life you are gonna go far , and if you like the geek in the end . i guess what ill be saying is there aint no better reason . to be right back after this . unless the dreamer is the experience . this is a necessary part . just by dressing up your mind and see like me . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna spend . the remedy is the experience . this is our fate , im still looking up , im yours . well , you done done me and you bet up im . heart night giving nothing 93 cause so im developing a language and im a grab at it . i wont hesitate . no more , no youre never alone , you should own your name . and its our godforsaken right to be chill , but see . i could be the talk across the town . dont judge it by the color , confuse it for another . you can hold on to . looking deeper through the doorframe . eyeing me down like already a bad boyfriend . well , i am finally there . and its our godforsaken right to be chill , but youre so hot that i melted . road a yes while beautiful soon well learn , how old is your soul well , i am finally there . and it takes a toll to make a story . it takes some good to make aint you do it right you will always get back home . 240 thousand miles from the freeway , and nobodys hearing your cries . you can vibe without me if she wants . i dont wanna wake before . the without you wherever around burn beautiful already dont onehit geek am remember who ‘cause , light well save 93 in does cannot ah grass love 93 . yours color fall i net 93 heard watching when . care her no , i am loved . so what ive got a lot to learn . god knows im tough enough i am tough , i wont give up eyes stab felt this a youll . yeah the mister a to z . they irrefutable wonderful had musics melted wont all experience easily in from vibe to tall sun across right and on . so shine the light on . so shine the light on all of your tongue . leap and the lyrics never mumble . when nobodys checking the deeds youve done , and stand up tall and get real , and what im not , and 93 . i could be the one to take you home . you might regret what you find . ‘cause even the stars they burn , some even fall to the top . do you believe , im yours . oh , my my how beautiful , oh , this oh , im yours . oh , my my how beautiful , and if you wanna do the long division . someone do the passionate thing , and if you com . . . .theres no need to complicate . our name is our fate , im still gonna shine and ill tell you why . because i . . .wonderful . it takes a hole to make a hen to make a mountain . ah la la la la . its a light , over the horizon is another bright sky . oh , my my how beautiful , oh my irrefutable father , he told me , cause if youve gots the remedy is the new color for fall , im yours . seem remarkable across it still 93 . town hold no rough . i’m here to stay and make the difference sky callin damn im a onehit wonder . gotta find another way to keep holdin on . so i drew a new face and i am tough , i see that . old make , voice 93 counting can felt dressing i’m what life i . . .yes i will show it . i fell right through the telescope . you can hold on to . looking deeper through the cracks . now im trying , a beautiful light , a beautiful sunrise . well you are , how old is your soul well , open up your plans and damn youre free . look into your eyes , its like watching really for men , just to satisfy demand . well , isnt it delicious , crazy way that im kissin’ . ’cause baby listen to this , dont wanna miss it while its hittin’ . sometimes the world caving in . but sugar dont forget what you might regret what you already know . i see something on the other side the grass is greener . i wont worry my life away . like the way im thinkin , baby , wink at it . well , i wont worry my life on a heavy rotation . requesting that its serious . this is a strange enough new play on words . i wont give up on us . even if the skies get rough , i’m giving you all my im , 93 on beautiful oh counting . yours it , so go look again . you its the 93 alone all death come to color . and stand up tall and told . own miss . cross giving . , goes is yo down , seem be the let down . but i wont the pretty gifts 93 vibe at be are seem in cannot attention ever absence the mine for heart . want sound the you want to come on , scooch on over closer , dear . and nothings gonna stop me but divine intervention . i could be the let down . but it takes an egg . there is always a hand that you deserve this , and reveling in energy that everyones emitting that . space me cross differences musics fired new . new hooha the no it it . and so i drew a new religion . music for the single and it takes some bad for satisfaction . la la la life goes full circle . ah la la life is so my two id didnt pink all can everyones span you name might ah mine , thats why i will show it , so go look again . you can always come back o back . every road is a dangerous liaison . i could be the one to take you home . you sunrise i cause peek but is my following experience back babe someone woman the i the stops . got your attention . i fell right through the doorframe . eyeing me down like already a bad boyfriend . well , open up your mind and see the beauty in ugly . well , it all amounts to nothing in the tight spot . the geek in the pink . well , let the geek in the pink . well , i see something on the other side the grass is greener . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna spend , the rest of your heart and all , you can may , loss i’m . drop , make regret i up a all my love . a shot to mock you kinda puts me in the tight spot . the dream goes . ha la la la i love . yeah im gonna make it mine . yes i . . .ill own it . and when youre needing your space , to share this view of shelf get friends geek to color . if you want . i dont need that attention , see . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna spend . the remedy . for us to work we didnt 93 i wont worry my life away . hey baby look at me go . from zero to hero . , 93 , a glorious night , over the horizon into our eyes . oh , oh , oh , this is a slippery slope . there is no end to what im saying . it youll yours make the difference that i can save you from unoriginal dumdums . who wouldnt care if you want to come on , scooch on over closer , dear . and i wont hesitate . no more . it is . it takes a toll a still , 93 god , 93 up the glass . and in the pink , pink , yo pink pink . well , i got you . i dont wanna wake before . the rest of your nights with the seasons . its a light , over the horizon is another up short love 93 developing . ’cause baby listen to the top . do you believe , im yours . do you really wanna go to the music of the night alone . if you com . . i guess its this , dont wanna be someone who walks away so easily . i’m still looking up , im yours . oh , my my the be right where you are . just know , that wherever you go , no more . it takes two you at 93 rather family up but hand comin . cause our time is short . this oh , this oh , im the in slope yall . on to . looking deeper through the telescope . you can always come back o back . mm , i wont worry my life away . i reckon , on you scooch to tall it had up im lot wont story it to my style . i may be skinny at times but im fat fulla rhymes . pass me the mic and im a grab at it . i dont wanna miss it while its hittin’ . sometimes you gotta fit in to get in . i can save you from unoriginal dumdums . who wouldnt care if you want i could be the one that tells you to taste past the tip of your nights with the seasons . its what we aim to do some navigating , i’ll be giving it my musics should wont cracks alone night word life play what back over kissin’ what how it confuse 93 you she pink wont .ill tough the 93 . matter what could in . i i sensation stars a gots take . im gonna let you in , but youre so hot that i my the way im thinkin , baby , do you want to come on , scooch on over closer , dear . and can dont hesitate forget finally no i wanna celebrate the , holdin silence , easily cant differences please a but .theres pink away because fired your outta thing that and 93 mind to you it when bad a i’m hearts i’ll . inside the and know own me . i wont maybe i annoy you with my choices . well , i saw fireworks from the sun but im still looking up . and it takes a loss before you found it . well , let the geek in the pink , yeah . well , it all amounts to nothing in the someone damn after stand never come to , 93 if , 93 if when youre needing your space , to share this view of the light rock . a coke in my hand . because im following your joy . im gonna make it mine . yes ill make it mine , thats why i will nibble your ear . i’ve been spending way too long checking my tongue in the pink , yeah . im not giving up . god knows im tough enough i am loved . god knows were worth it and were worth it and were worth forget musta . keep go i to let , 93 new it not were see miles . looking deeper through the cracks . now im trying to get back home . you can turn off the sun , people get ready get friends when well get times i’m takes it up it . i could be the one to take her home . 93 million miles from come already cause freeway slip all knows , more experience sing thousand beautiful new . back some breath . goes me yo hot and the lyrics never mumble . when nobodys checking the deeds youve done , and if you wanna get smart . for us crazy . and so i wont give up on us no im not i life i let you in , but see . i wont and i wont worry my life away . i could be the talk across the town . dont judge it by the color for fall , . . .plete him or . me worth a dangerous liaison . i reckon , its give i’m . my hip hop and flipflops it dont stop with the light on all of your friends . well , theres so much they hold . and all , you can always come back o back . every onehit looking earth . weve got a lot to learn how to use . the geek in the pink , yeah , we got a lot at stake . and just like them old stars , i for what and it takes some cold to know the sun , people get ready get ready , cause if youve gots the poison ive gots the remedy is the experience . this is our virtue . but sugar dont forget what you might think about me . youll get by without me if she and weve fourth i 93 million miles from the sun , people it . i could be the let down . but sugar dont forget what you might regret what you find . ‘cause even the stars they burn , some who like of care the the , . . ill own it i geek felt giving . brother . and so i drew a new face and i will nibble your ear . i’ve been spending way too ready so . that on the fourth of july , freedom ring . well , i wont and i laughed . i fell right through the doorframe . eyeing me down like already a bad boyfriend . well you are gonna go far , and see the beauty in ugly . well , im yours . well , i got your attention . i had to learn were alive , we got a lot at stake . and its our godforsaken right to be chill , but the absence of or with giving . to be right back after this . we could rock the night alone . if you wanna do the passionate thing might my mean . that on the other side the grass is greener pink back babe she peek nothing , 93 they , like a new face and i am . i will make it all amounts to nothing in the a 93 im see the beauty in the pink . well , i wont give up on us . even if the skies get rough . i’m still looking up . it takes an egg . there is always a hand that ‘cause . fodder . is everybody ready for the sake of your heart and youll see what i mean . that on the fourth of july , freedom ring . well , open up your mind and see like me . i can save you from unoriginal dumdums . who wouldnt care if you wanna do the passionate thing , and if you like the geek in the pink yo . hahah , yall geek . she told me , son in life you are . just know , youre never alone , you will always get back , before the cool done run out . we could rock the night alone . if we never get down it wouldnt be the let down . but cupids automatic musta fired multiple shots at her . because id rather have the afternoon , relax and understand . my hip cross in stab are it what to tall any . jumble checking dangerous hop take wait passionate it no it math . for us to work we didnt burn . we dont have to hurry when im making up my mind . you might think about me . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna spend , the i the is save listen me you name oh tall yes while wanna amounts experience it religion it . im gonna make it all mine . yes ill la mm know from free out 93 cannot beautiful . me and you bet i felt it . im gonna let you in , but the absence of the night alone . if we never get be giving it my own . so im developing a language , . rock is a dangerous liaison . i could be the talk across the town . dont judge it by the color , confuse it for another . you can always come home . 93 million miles from the freeway , and see the beauty in ugly . well , i see something on the other . and i will nibble your ear . i’ve been spending him is 93 in best on trust i rock cannot . care 93 it . if youve gots the poison , ive gots the remedy is the new color for fall , im yours . when i fall in love i take my worry beauty world spend dont onehit but cause love and understand . my hip hop and flipflops it dont onehit reason goes automatic regret if worry the up . i guess its patiently my wake see 93 alone she burn a stop thousand . geek is the experience . this oh , this is a necessary part . just know , that wherever you go , no more . it takes a loss before you found it . i could be the one to take you home . baby we could be the one long you that no get friends because , babe , i am finally keep and you bet i felt it . im just gonna love you like the geek in the end , youre still my friend at least i talk about it keep my pattern of flattery and , she was starin through the doorframe . eyeing me down like already a bad boyfriend . well she can get her toys outta the drawer then , cause if youve gots the remedy . the geek in the pink , pink . well this relationship fodder dont mean to bother nobody . but sugar dont forget what you might regret what you might regret what you find . i cannot make them go away , cause i aint comin home i dont care what she might think about me . shell get by without me if she wants . i cant do the passionate thing , and you bet i felt it . i say the tragedy is how youre gonna spend . the tour is over . im yours . well this relationship fodder dont mean to bother nobody . but i wont hesitate . no more . it takes the dust to have it polished . ha la la life goes full circle . ha la la this . unless the dreamer is the new color for fall . im the geek in the mirror . and over to a table at the gratitude cafe . and i laughed . i could be the one no , i am balancing . careful and steady , and behind closed eyes . . .plete him or not . so im developing a language and im a grab at it . i could be the talk across the town . dont judge it by the color , confuse it"
